It's you, you actually framed me
I'm going to find the lady
Madam can get me justice
I also want justice for my dead mother
So I can only sacrifice you.
You ignore that it has nothing to do with me if you die
How dare you frame me now
When my mom picks up dirty things to eat
Can one of us stand up and stop it?
Just like you were kicked out of the Luo house tonight
The servants who are favored by you
But someone said a word for you
It's not me who hurt you
It's about you.
Nonsense
The soul is fated
What does it matter to me if he dies?
Hurry up and let me in
You are like a lost dog now
Windy at night
Luhan, you'd better go and hide in the bridge hole
We are destined to go again
You come back and let me in
Mom, don't worry.
And this is just the beginning.
Once hurt you
Someone who is indifferent to your misery
I won't let any of them go.
Brother Sifeng
It will be our engagement party after a while
It doesn't matter if we live together.
In two months, my stomach will be showing
But that Chu Sifeng
He wouldn't let me in his room at all.
I don't care in a few days.
It's my engagement banquet with Chu Sifeng
Otherwise, no one will have good fruit to eat
Luoxue Qing is actually pregnant
I want Chu Sifeng to be a keyboard warrior
Luo Xueqing
This is the bankruptcy you sent yourself